chore: update email-setup skill for native domain + email flow (#26179)
vellum-ai/vellum-assistant: skills/email-setup/SKILL.md

---
name: email-setup

> description: Set up this assistant's custom domain and email address (one-time setup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Set up this assistant's own `[name].vellum.me` domain and email address (one-time setup)
```
